#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.10
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile requirements.in
#
aiohappyeyeballs==2.6.1
    # via aiohttp
aiohttp==3.11.18
    # via
    #   datasets
    #   fsspec
aiosignal==1.3.2
    # via aiohttp
async-timeout==5.0.1
    # via aiohttp
attrs==25.3.0
    # via aiohttp
certifi==2025.4.26
    # via requests
charset-normalizer==3.4.1
    # via requests
colorama==0.4.6
    # via tqdm
datasets==3.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   evaluate
dill==0.3.8
    # via
    #   datasets
    #   evaluate
    #   multiprocess
evaluate==0.4.3
    # via -r requirements.in
filelock==3.18.0
    # via
    #   datasets
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   torch
    #   transformers
frozenlist==1.6.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   aiosignal
fsspec[http]==2024.12.0
    # via
    #   datasets
    #   evaluate
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   torch
huggingface-hub==0.30.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   datasets
    #   evaluate
    #   tokenizers
    #   transformers
idna==3.10
    # via
    #   requests
    #   yarl
jinja2==3.1.6
    # via torch
markupsafe==3.0.2
    # via jinja2
mpmath==1.3.0
    # via sympy
multidict==6.4.3
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
multiprocess==0.70.16
    # via
    #   datasets
    #   evaluate
networkx==3.4.2
    # via torch
numpy==2.2.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   datasets
    #   evaluate
    #   pandas
    #   transformers
packaging==25.0
    # via
    #   datasets
    #   evaluate
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   transformers
pandas==2.2.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   datasets
    #   evaluate
propcache==0.3.1
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
pyarrow==19.0.1
    # via datasets
pymupdf==1.25.5
    # via -r requirements.in
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via pandas
pytz==2025.2
    # via pandas
pyyaml==6.0.2
    # via
    #   datasets
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   transformers
regex==2024.11.6
    # via transformers
requests==2.32.3
    # via
    #   datasets
    #   evaluate
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   transformers
safetensors==0.5.3
    # via transformers
sentencepiece==0.2.0
    # via -r requirements.in
six==1.17.0
    # via python-dateutil
sympy==1.13.3
    # via torch
tokenizers==0.21.1
    # via transformers
torch==2.7.0
    # via -r requirements.in
tqdm==4.67.1
    # via
    #   datasets
    #   evaluate
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   transformers
transformers==4.51.3
    # via -r requirements.in
typing-extensions==4.13.2
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   multidict
    #   torch
tzdata==2025.2
    # via pandas
urllib3==2.4.0
    # via requests
xxhash==3.5.0
    # via
    #   datasets
    #   evaluate
yarl==1.20.0
    # via aiohttp
